bring up AMI and helm (#197)
triggermesh/docs: docs/guides/installation-helm.md

This chart installs the [TriggerMesh Cloud Native Integration Platform](https://github.com/triggermesh/triggermesh) on a Kubernetes cluster.

> !!! note

Reviewer: and maybe a note like this could use the following formatting

> 💡 **Note**: This is an alternative method of installation. A straight forward `kubectl apply` is actually all [it takes](installation.md) to get TriggerMesh up and running.

Reviewer: aha!

>     This is an alternative method of installation. A straight forward `kubectl apply` is actually all [it takes](installation.md).

Reviewer 2: All it takes... (for what)

```suggestion
    This is an alternative method of installation. A straight forward `kubectl apply` is actually all [it takes](installation.md) to get TriggerMesh up and running.
```

## TL;DR;

If you are familiar with [Helm](https://helm.sh/) just go for it:

```console
$ helm repo add triggermesh https://storage.googleapis.com/triggermesh-charts
$ helm install -n triggermesh triggermesh triggermesh/triggermesh --create-namespace
```

## Prerequisites
  - Kubernetes 1.20+
  - Helm 3.0+
  - Knative v0.25+

## Installing the Chart

Add the TriggerMesh chart repository to Helm:

```console
$ helm repo add triggermesh https://storage.googleapis.com/triggermesh-charts
```

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install --name my-release triggermesh/triggermesh
```

!!! info

>     If you face any issues please let us know about it and create an [issue](https://github.com/triggermesh/triggermesh/issues/new)

Reviewer 2: That's not the chart's repo though, is it expected?

Author: yes, because the chart repo is still private

> The command deploys the TriggerMesh opensource components in the default configuration. Refer to the [configuration](#configuration) section for the complete list of parameters that can be specified to customize the deployment of the controller.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The command deploys the TriggerMesh open source components in the default configuration. Refer to the [configuration](#configuration) section for the complete list of parameters that can be specified to customize the deployment of the controller.
```
